{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2759
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 YouJournal Terms of Use\
\
Last Updated: February 21, 2024\
\
Welcome to YouJournal ("YouJournal", "we", "us", "our"), a digital journaling platform that offers users ("you", "your") a personalized video journaling experience. By accessing or using our services, website, app, and any related software (collectively, the "Service"), you agree to be bound by these Terms of Use ("Terms"). Please read these Terms carefully, as they govern your use of YouJournal. We are currently in a beta phase, and your feedback is invaluable to our development.\
\
1. Acceptance of Terms\
By creating an account, accessing, or using the Service, you confirm that you have read, understood, and agreed to be bound by these Terms. If you do not agree with any part of these Terms, you must not use the Service.\
\
2. Beta Phase\
You acknowledge that the Service is in beta and is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. We do not guarantee that the Service will be uninterrupted or error-free, and we may make changes, suspend, or discontinue any part of the Service at any time without prior notice.\
\
3. Eligibility\
You must be at least 13 years old to use YouJournal. By agreeing to these Terms, you represent and warrant that you are of legal age to form a binding contract with us.\
\
4. Account Registration and Security\
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer or device. You agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password.\
\
5. Intellectual Property Rights\
You retain all rights to the content you create and upload to the Service. By using the Service, you grant YouJournal a non-exclusive, royalty-free, transferable, sublicensable, worldwide license to use, store, display, reproduce, modify, create derivative works, perform, and distribute your content on YouJournal solely for the purposes of operating, developing, providing, and using the Service.\
\
6. User Conduct\
You agree not to use the Service for any unlawful purpose or in any way that interrupts, damages, impairs, or renders YouJournal less efficient. You agree to abide by all applicable laws and regulations in your use of the Service.\
\
7. Privacy\
Your privacy is important to us. Our Privacy Policy, incorporated into these Terms by reference, describes how we handle the information you provide to us or that we collect about you through the Service.\
\
8. Disclaimers and Limitation of Liability\
YouJournal is provided "as is" without any guarantees, conditions, or warranties as to its accuracy, reliability, or completeness. We do not guarantee that YouJournal will always be safe, secure, or error-free or that YouJournal will always function without disruptions, delays, or imperfections. To the extent permitted by law, we hereby disclaim all warranties, express or implied, including any warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, or course of performance.\
\
9. Changes to Terms\
We reserve the right to modify these Terms at any time. If we make changes, we will post the revised Terms and update the "Last Updated" date at the top. Your continued use of the Service after the posting of revised Terms constitutes your acceptance of the new Terms.\
\
10. Governing Law\
These Terms and any disputes arising out of or related to the Service will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the jurisdiction in which YouJournal operates, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.\
\
11. Contact Us\
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us via instagram @youjournal.app.}